`r\iothub`: Extract `file_upload` and support `identityBased` auth (#15466)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/iothub.html.markdown

A `file_upload` block supports the following:

* `authentication_type` - (Optional) Type used to authenticate against the storage account. Possible values are `keyBased` and `identityBased`. Defaults to `keyBased`.

* `identity_id` - (Optional) ID of the User Managed Identity used to authenticate against the storage account.

> -> **NOTE:** `identity_id` can only be specified when `authentication_type` is `identityBased`. It must be one of the `identity_ids` of the Iot Hub. If not specified when `authentication_type` is `identityBased`, System Assigned Managed Identity of the Iot Hub will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** `identity_id` can only be specified when `authentication_type` is `identityBased`. It must be one of the `identity_ids` of the Iot Hub. If `identity_id`is omitted when `authentication_type` is `identityBased`, then the System Assigned Managed Identity of the Iot Hub will be used.
```
Furthermore does `azurerm_iothub` have the plural property `identity_ids`?

Author: `identity_ids` is introduced by #14354 in `"identity": commonschema.SystemAssignedUserAssignedIdentity()`

> ~> **NOTE:** System Assigned Managed Identity can only be used in an update because access to the endpoint cannot be granted before the creation is done. The extracted resources `azurerm_iothub_file_upload` can be used to configure File Upload with System Assigned Managed Identity without the need of an update.

Reviewer: This might be better phrased as
```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** An IoT Hub can only be updated to use the System Assigned Managed Identity for `file_upload` since it is not possible to grant access to the endpoint until after creation. The extracted resource `azurerm_iothub_file_upload` can be used to configure File Upload with the IoT Hub's System Assigned Managed Identity without the need for an update.
```
